fix(apple): AppHangs need SentryCrash (#5785)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/configuration/app-hangs.mdx

The app hangs code runs in the background when disabled when keeping out-of-memory tracking enabled, but it won't report app hangs. The out-of-memory tracking otherwise would report false errors if the OS kills your app caused by an app hang.

> If you disable the SentryCrashIntegration, this integration doesn't work, as it uses the SentryCrashIntegration to capture the stacktrace when creating the app hang event.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the app hang detection integration uses SentryCrashIntegration to capture the stack trace when creating app hang events, if SentryCrashIntegration is disabled, the integration won’t work.

```
